Add example on how to CREATE db from the seed URI (#2152)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/create-databases.adoc

====

==== Create databases using seeding options

> Neo4j has built-in support for seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage.

Author: ```suggestion
Neo4j has built-in support for a seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage.
To select a seed provider, you need to configure xref:configuration/configuration-settings.afoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers].
```

For more information on seeding from URI, refer to xref::clustering/databases.adoc#cluster-seed-uri[Manage databases in a cluster -> Seed from URI].

> .Seed providers supported in Neo4j by default

Author: ```suggestion
.Seed providers supported in Neo4j
```

====

==== Create databases using seeding options

Neo4j has built-in support for a seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage.

> To select a seed provider, you need to configure xref:configuration/configuration-settings.afoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers].

Author: ```suggestion
To select a seed provider, you need to configure xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers].
```

> To select a seed provider, you need to configure xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers].

Reviewer: I see on the other page that this configuration is only for a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server.

Reviewer: Maybe we need the text from the note here instead.

Author: Where is this page?

This config's default is `CloudSeedProvider` (for Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage). If you want to use another, you need to configure this manually.

Reviewer: > Where is this page?
> 
> This config's default is `CloudSeedProvider` (for Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage). If you want to use another, you need to configure this manually.

Yes, this is correct. But from the sentence, I understand that I need to configure a seed provider regardless of what provider I want to use.

> For more information on seeding from URI, refer to xref::clustering/databases.adoc#cluster-seed-uri[Manage databases in a cluster -> Seed from URI].

Reviewer: I would rather put this sentence at the end of the section after the example and the last sentence below and say something more like,
```suggestion
For more details and examples of seeding from URI, refer to xref::clustering/databases.adoc#cluster-seed-uri[Manage databases in a cluster -> Seed from URI].
```

.Seed providers supported in Neo4j
[cols="2,1,2",options="header"]
|===
| Seed provider
| URL scheme
| URI example

| `FileSeedProvider`
| `file:`
| `file:/tmp/backup1.backup`

| `URLConnectionSeedProvider`
| `ftp:` +
`http:` +
`https:`
| `ftp:://myftp.com/backups/backup1.backup` +
`/http://myhttp.com/backups/backup1.backup` +

> `/https://myhttp.com/backups/backup1.backup`

Reviewer: I am not sure about these example URLs. 
Do we need to mention that from 2025.01 URLConnectionSeedProvider does not support `file`. (I saw it on the other page)?

Author: What do you mean by 'I'm not sure about these example URLs'? They are not correct? 

We use a slash before 'http' and 'https' because without it they will turn into links.

Author: I'll add info that URLConnectionSeedProvider stoped supporting `file`

Reviewer: I think we should use _myserver.com_ instead of _myftp.com_ and _myhttp.com_
I am not sure, for example, if the FTP URL looks like this: `ftp:://myftp.com/backups/backup1.backup`. 
I think it should look like this: _ftp://ftp.myserver.com/backups/backup1.backup_ or _ftp://user@ftp.myserver.com/backups/backup1.backup_.
and for the other two:
_https://myhttp.com/backups/backup1.backup_ => _https://myserver.com/backups/backup1.backup_, _http://myhttp.com/backups/backup1.backup_ => _http://myserver.com/backups/backup1.backup_

Author: I don't know. I'm not sure about using 'myserver.com'. This is a real web server 

For FTP: FTP URL syntax is described in [RFC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RFC_(identifier)) [1738](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1738), taking the form: ftp://[user[:password]@]host[:port]/[url-path] (the bracketed parts are optional).

This is an interesting finding, and we can improve these example URLs in a separate PR not only here but also on another page.

| `S3SeedProvider` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]
| `s3:`
| `s3://mybucket/backups/backup1.backup`

| `CloudSeedProvider`
| `s3:` +
`gs:` +
`azb:`

> | `s3://mybucket/backups/backup1.backup` +

Reviewer: Interesting, there is a mismatch between the examples and this table here and on the other page. In the examples, the URLs are s3:/mybucket/backups/backup1.backup, gs:/mybucket/backups/backup1.backup, and azb:/mystorageaccount.blob/backupscontainer/backup1.backup, while in the tables we see double // after the s3, gs, and azb. I am not sure which one is correct.

Author: hmm, interesting indeed. If you look at the examples [here](https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/backup-restore/restore-dump/#load-dump-cloud-storage), you'll we use double slashes after `s3:`, `gs:`, and `azb:`.

Reviewer: Yeah, I don't know now. Maybe you can ask someone.

====

==== Create databases using seeding options

Neo4j has built-in support for a seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage.

> The seed provider is determined by the xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers] setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The seed provider is determined by the xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers] setting, which defaults to `CloudSeedProvider`.
```

> By default, Neo4j enables support for Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To use other providers, you must configure `dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers` accordingly.

.Seed providers supported in Neo4j
[cols="2,1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Seed provider
| URL scheme
| URI example

| `FileSeedProvider`
| `file:`
| `file:/tmp/backup1.backup`

| `URLConnectionSeedProvider`footnote:[From 2025.01, `URLConnectionSeedProvider` does not support `file`.]
| `ftp:` +
`http:` +
`https:`

> | `ftp:://myftp.com/backups/backup1.backup` +

Reviewer: Ok, if you want to keep them, then, I guess we need to fix them:

```suggestion
| `ftp://myftp.com/backups/backup1.backup` +
```

`/http://myhttp.com/backups/backup1.backup` +

> `/https://myhttp.com/backups/backup1.backup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/https://myhttps.com/backups/backup1.backup`
```

| `S3SeedProvider` label:deprecated[Deprecated in 5.26]
| `s3:`
| `s3://mybucket/backups/backup1.backup`

> | `CloudSeedProvider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CloudSeedProvider` label:default[Default]
```

Author: This is default value of the config starting from 2025.01 only. I don't think we need such details here.

Neo4j has built-in support for a seed from a mounted file system (file), FTP server, HTTP/HTTPS server, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and Azure Cloud Storage.
To select a seed provider, you need to configure xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers[dbms.databases.seed_from_uri_providers].

> For more details and examples of seeding from URI, refer to xref::clustering/databases.adoc#cluster-seed-uri[Manage databases in a cluster -> Seed from URI].

Reviewer: My suggestion was to move it to the end of the page where the simple example is.

Author: I'll move it to the in another commit
